For the Mehra brothers, filling others’ plates — not their own — is their main course on Thanksgiving.
Nikhil, 24; Devin, 22; Sammy, 20; and Gabriel, 13, belong to First Presbyterian Church in downtown Greenwich. For more than a decade, the brothers — all products of Brunswick School — have been volunteering at the church’s Thanksgiving dinner as they grew old enough to help.
All four returned Thursday for the 18th edition of the dinner, one of the largest Thanksgiving gatherings in town. Ninety-four seniors who live in Greenwich came for hearty meals served by the Mehras and some 90 other church members who volunteered.

“For us, it’s a family tradition,” said Nikhil Mehra. “Thanksgiving is not all about the food and the trimmings and what not. It’s about coming out and sharing kindness with others during the holiday season.”
About 10 percent of the church’s members participated in planning and serving the dinner. Volunteers also delivered meals to 48 homebound seniors and gave the guests rides to and from the church’s house of worship at 1 West Putnam Ave.
“Thanksgiving is a time to be thankful, so a good way to show that is by helping out in the community,” said Sammy Mehra, a junior at Harvard.
Attendance at the dinner has grown steadily since the first year, 1998, when 28 guests dined at the church.
“I don’t think there is a better holiday or time in the year than Thanksgiving because it is a time to gather,” said Diane Brown, a deacon at the church. “We have an ongoing outreach program for seniors, and this is, by far and away, the biggest event we do for them. It’s ingrained in the church fellowship.”
Church members spent two days preparing the food. About two months of planning went into the dinner, Brown said.
The guests enjoyed roast turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, sweet potatoes, carrot casserole, green salad, pumpkin pie, apple pie, coffee and tea.
Many of the guests came with family members and friends. Fe Joaquin was joined by her son, Lorenzo Dino, and granddaughter, Lorelyn Dino. She has attended the dinner every year since it started.
“This is my favorite place to be on Thanksgiving,” Joaquin said. “It’s very fancy.”
As they dined, the seniors were treated to an assortment of hymns and pop songs performed by church members. Bill Ferrell’s acoustic-guitar set of John Denver standards was particularly popular, as many of the guests recorded his performance with their phones.
“We always come here,” said Soledad Magtibay, who lives in the Quarry Knoll senior housing development. “We love the food and music, and the people here are very nice.”
Magtibay and Lilia Ercilla, another Quarry Knoll resident, were attending their fourth Thanksgiving dinner at the church. Their friend and neighbor, Jovita Soberano, made her first appearance Thursday.

“The music is very uplifting,” Soberano. “It makes me feel good about the holiday.”
The Mehra brothers said that they are keen to bring in new volunteers. This year, the three oldest recruited two of their friends, Delara Alameddine and Olivia Acuna.
“They gave us the option, but you can’t say no,” Alameddine said.
The brothers said that their church can count on them returning in 2016.
“It’s a nice way to give back, and it’s also great to see people from the church,” said Devin Mehra, a senior at Elon University. “There’s a reason why we keep coming back.”

Sammy will have nothing to do in August. Please help him find him a job at a leading technology company like Apple Inc.