 CHEVRONKUWAIT ENGAGEMENT PLANSeptember 2014?Table of Contents>?Goals and Approach?>?Short to Medium Term Crisis Management >?Long-Term Strategic Positioning?>?Appendix?Goals and ApproachASG IS COMMITTED TO CHEVRON’S SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM GOALS IN KUWAITChevron Goals in KuwaitShort-TermLong-Term??Return to Normal Operations:1. Position Chevron as an impartial player in the ongoing ?dispute, actively trying to find a resolution for the benefit ?of all parties involved 2. Resolve the dispute or reach an agreement that will allow ?operations to resume as usual ??Elevate Profile and Enhance Positioning:1. Develop Chevron’s profile within Kuwait independently ?from Saudi Arabian Chevron (SAC) 2. Position the company as a partner to Kuwaiti leadership ?and decision makers across multiple areas not restricted to oil & gas  Success will requireStrong and Diversified RelationshipsTargeted InvestmentsConsistent Presence and InteractionAligned Interests and Goals4IN ORDER TO ACHIEVE IDENTIFIED GOALS, ASG HAS DEVELOPED A TWO PRONGED APPROACHStrong and Diversified Meaningful Consistent Presence Aligned Interests and Relationships Investments and Interaction Goals IShort to Medium Term Crisis ManagementIILong-Term Strategic Positioning 		???Assess past and current efforts to resolve the issue  		???Engage our network and design appropriate course of action  		???Identify key stakeholders and how to best reach them  		???Facilitate message delivery to high-level stakeholders in ?Kuwait about the importance of solving the problem and allowing Chevron’s operations to continue in the PZ with minimal disruption ??Build Chevron’s reputation in Kuwait???Enhancerelationshipswithgovernmentandbusinesscommunity stakeholders,???Lay the groundwork to preempt future problems before theyarise??SAC shipments not facing customs challenges from the Kuwaitis??Expatriates able to obtain both visas and visa renewals ??SAC property remaining intact??Chevron is seen as much more than SAC???Kuwaiti public and private sector leadership believes inChevron’s commitment to the country5Desired Outcomes?Short to Medium Term Crisis ManagementIF CURRENT SAUDI EFFORTS FAIL AND EMPLOYEE VISAS REMAIN UNDER IMMEDIATE THREAT   1234Re-engage U.S. Government Meet with the Foreign Reach out to Influential Seek a Meeting with the   Officials MinisterThird Parties Amir 		???Chevron should immediately re-engage the U.S. government prompting an official outreach to Kuwaiti and/ or Saudi officials  		???OpportunitytouseDeputy Secretary Burns’ call to Kuwaiti Foreign Minister as a reference point for follow up inquiries ??DuetotheForeignMinister’s apparent ownership of this portfolio, Chevron should seek to meet him either in Kuwait or in the U.S.??Suchameetingwillalsoinform the Foreign Minister of corporate Chevron’s deep interest in the matter??In an effort to set the stage and maximize the impact of the fourth step, Chevron/ASG will reach out to influential third parties to intervene on Chevron’s behalf 		???Assuming previous efforts fail, Chairman and CEO John Watson should seek a meeting with the Amir  		???ASGwillfacilitateasneeded Parallel Efforts 		???Parallel to the efforts described above, ASG, through Ambassador Edward W. Gnehm, will try as appropriate to organize a meeting with the Amir to discuss the issues at hand  		???Additionally, ASG will identify opportunities for Chevron and relevant stakeholders to meet in Kuwait or in the U.S. 7IF VISAS ARE TEMPORARILY EXTENDED BUT THE UNDERLYING ISSUES ARE NOT RESOLVED   1234Re-engage U.S. Government Engage Key Stakeholders Implement Strategy Seek a Meeting with the Officials Amir    		???Chevron should immediately re-engage the U.S. government prompting an official outreach to Kuwaiti and/ or Saudi officials  		???OpportunitytouseDeputy Secretary Burns’ call to Kuwaiti Foreign Minister as a reference point for follow up inquiries ??Chevron should engage the following stakeholders in an effort to craft a strategy to solvethe underlying issues 		?  Foreign Minister  		?  Minister of Oil  		?  Prime Minister – in his ?capacity as Chair of the ?High Petroleum Council  		?  Head of Kuwait ?Petroleum Company  		?  Head of KGOC  		???Basedupontheoutcomesof the previous meetings, Chevron should follow-up with key stakeholders  		???Assignexecutive(s)tofollow- up and work with key stakeholders to develop the solution  		???Regardless of the outcomes of the first three steps, Chairman and CEO John Watson should seek a meeting with the Amir  		???The meeting will either be an occasion to thank the Amir and reinforce the agreed upon solution or it will be a critical opportunity to present Chevron’s case to the Amir Parallel Efforts 		???Parallel to the efforts described above, ASG, through Ambassador Edward W. Gnehm, will try as appropriate to organize a meeting with the Amir to discuss the issues at hand  		???Additionally, ASG will identify opportunities for Chevron and relevant stakeholders to meet in Kuwait or in the U.S. 8?Long-Term Strategic PositioningSEPARATELY, ASG HAS BEGUN TO DEVELOP A LONGER TERM STRATEGIC POSITIONING PROCESS     123456     Match Priority Areas and ThemesIdentify and Map Key StakeholdersEngage Key StakeholdersDevelop InitiativesExecute and PartnerPromote and Maintain??Match Chevron’s CSR capabilitiesand interests with the Kuwaiti government’s priority areas listed below 		???Identify key stakeholders ?across sectors ?and industries  		???Develop ?stakeholder engagement plan ??Organize meetings andconvene keystakeholders ??Identifyopportunities to convene in the U.S. and Kuwait??Designspecific initiatives thathighlight Chevron’s expertise and optimize the company’s potential investments 		???Re-engagekey stakeholders with tangible initiatives for cooperation  		???Developlong- term partnerships based on said initiatives ??Examplesinclude engaging with specific mediaoutlets (i.e. Good Morning Kuwait) to promote partnerships and initiatives internally and externallyEducationHealthcareRenewablesWater ConservationEntrepreneurshipIndustry DiversificationScience and ResearchKnowledge Sharing10PRELIMINARY STAKEHOLDER LIST (1/2)     NameRoleRationaleAccessibilitySector     His Highness Shaikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al- Jaber Al-SabahAmir of KuwaitThe Amir rules Kuwait constrained only by the constitution and an active national assembly. The incumbent is a “hands-on” ruler --- involved in all major decisions. Critical to have a good relationship.Difficult but not impossibleGovernment    His Highness Shaikh Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al SabahCrown Prince of KuwaitFirst Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign AffairsShaikh Nawaf will be the next Amir. He is deferential to the present Amir but almost always present at important moments and known to be a vocal and opinionated speaker in family gatherings.Difficult largely due to staff’s inefficiencyGovernment    His Highness Shaikh Jaber Al-Mubarek Al- Hamad Al SabahPrime MinisterThe Prime Minister runs the government – heads the Council of Ministers and chairs the Supreme Petroleum Council that is mandated to establish the country’s oil policies. He is deferential to the Amir – taking few actions without first obtaining the Amir’s approval.Generally availableGovernment    His Excellency Shaikh Sabah Khaled Al-Hamad Al-SabahShaikh Sabah is a well respected member of the ruling family. He represents Kuwait in international forums and is generally favorably disposed to U.S. He can influence government policy.Generally available and willing to meet AmericansGovernment    His Excellency Shaikh Mohamed Abdullah Al- Mubarak Al-SabahState Minister for Cabinet AffairsShaikh Mohamed holds a unique position in the Al Sabah family as grandson of Mubarek the Great. He has held several important positions in government including his present position on the Higher Petroleum Council.Available and generally willing to meet. May need known go-betweenGovernment    His Excellency Anas Khaled Al-Saleh    His Excellency Dr. Ali Saleh Al-OmairMinister of Finance, Chairman of KIAMinister of OilAs the senior minister with responsibility for financial matters, he has an influential role in matters that involve revenue and expenditures and issues that impact on those areas.The Minister plays a crucial role in all matters related to the oil sector. He sits on most boards and has voice in the selection of executives in the “K” companies.Generally availableGenerally availableGovernmentGovernment11PRELIMINARY STAKEHOLDER LIST (2/2)      NameRoleRationaleAccessibilitySector    His Excellency Shaikh Ali al-Khalifa Al SabahFormer Minister of Oil and FinanceShaikh Ali Khalifa was a powerful Minister of Oil and later Finance. He maintains links throughout the oil sector and continues to have influence. He is Kuwait’s largest media mogul – owning a major newspaper and TV station – and is ME distributor of Newsweek.Generally available and likes meeting American executivesOil Sector   Mr. Nizar Al-AdsaniChairman and MD, Kuwait Petroleum CorporationIn his capacity as Chairman and MD of KPC, he overseas all “K” companies. He is a major player in all decisions in the oil sector.Probably accessible by Chevron corporate executivesOil Sector    Mr. Hashem Sayed HashemCEO, Kuwait Oil CompanyMr. Hashem is an important figure in Kuwait’s oil sector as CEO of KOC. He is a party to all decisions regarding production in Kuwait and is knowledgeable of all Kuwaiti policies in the oil sector.Probably accessible by Chevron corporate executivesOil Sector   Mr. Ali D. Al-ShammariCEO, Kuwait Gulf Oil CompanyMr. Al-Shammari would be well-known to Saudi Chevron and, as the CEO of the Kuwaiti partner in the PZ, is an essential contact for Chevron.AccessibleOil Sector     His Excellency Jassem al- Kharafi   Mr. Fouad Fouad AlghanimFormer Speaker of the National AssemblyChairman, Fouad Alghanim & Sons Group of CompaniesAl-Kharafi heads one of the major business families in Kuwait with extensive investments throughout ME and Asia. He was speaker of the National Assembly and has continued access to the Amir and senior Kuwaiti officialsFouad Alghanim heads one of the major business families in Kuwait. Extremely wealthy, he is close to the Amir, represents several major US corporations, and is active in Kuwaiti circles.Generally available and likes meeting American executivesGenerally available and likes meeting American businessmen, diplomats and political figuresPrivate SectorPrivate Sector12?Appendix – Detailed BiosHis Highness Shaikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah  Personal Information??Born June 16, 1929???Educated in Kuwait under tutors???Fourth son of Kuwait's tenth ruler, Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah ??Wife: Shaikha Fatuwah bint Salman al-Sabah (died in 1990)???Children:• 3 sons: Nasser, Hamad, Ahmad (died 1969) • 1 daughter: Salwa (died 2002) ??Enjoys fishing  Current Role??Amir of Kuwait (since 2006)???Commander of the Military of Kuwait (since 2006)His Highness Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah Career Highlights??Prime Minister (2003-2006)???Minister of Foreign Affairs (1963-2003)• Successfully obtained international support for Kuwait after it was invaded in 1990 ??Honored as a ‘Humanitarian Leader’ by the UN???Government Initiatives:• 1.2% of annual GDP to Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development • $800 million to alleviate suffering in Syria • $500 million to support small and medium enterprises • $100 million to encourage agricultural development • $150 million to support environmental research???Helped found the Common Ministerial Council for the G.C.C. and the European Union 14His Highness Shaikh Nawaf Al-Ahmad Al Sabah  Personal Information 		???Born June 25, 1937  		???Educated in Kuwait public schools  		???Half-brother of the Amir of Kuwait, His Highness Sabah Al- ?Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah  		???Son of the late Amir Shaikh Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Sabah  		???Has 5 children  		???Enjoys horseback riding  Current Role??Crown Prince of Kuwait (since 2006)???Deputy Commander of the Military of Kuwait (since 2006)His Highness Shaikh Nawaf Al- Ahmad Al Sabah Career Highlights??First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior (2003-2006) ??Minister of Defense (1988-1991) (1992-2003)???Minister for Social Affairs and Labor (1991-1992)• Established a hospital for social care centers • Sponsored several cultural, recreational and social activities for the National Guards ?personnel???Minister of Interior (1978-1986) • Created the Legal Department and Mayors' Affairs Department at the Interior Ministry • Created the Private Contracts Department and Legal Department at the Defense Ministry ??Initiatives/Interests: • $1 million to UN Central Emergency Response Fund (CEFR) • Writing off interest of soft loans to developing countries 15His Highness Shaikh Jaber Al-Mubarek Al-Hamad Al Sabah  Personal Information??Born January 5, 1942???Actively engaged in many philanthropic initiatives worldwide ??Married, with children Current Role??Prime Minister of Kuwait (since 2011)???Head of Kuwait Supreme Petroleum CouncilHis Highness Jaber Al-Mubarek Al-Hamad Al Sabah Career Highlights??First Deputy Prime Minister, Interior Minister, Minister of Defense (2006-2011) • Chairman of the Supreme Council for the Disabled??Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Defense (2001-2006)• Chairman of the Supreme Council of Environment • Drove efforts to raise skills of armed forces, championed acceptance of women in the ?military???Minister of Social and Labor Affairs (1986-1988) ??Initiatives: • en.v Initiative: an organization dedicated to social responsibility in the Arab World ??Awards• In 2009, he became the first Arab to be awarded Japan's highest honor conferred on foreigners, Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun16His Excellency Shaikh Sabah Khaled Al-Hamad Al-Sabah  Personal Information??Born March 3, 1953???Earned a bachelor's degree in political sciences from KuwaitUniversity in 1977???Married to Aida Salim Al Ali Al Sabah and has two children Current Role??First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs (since 2011)??Member of the Supreme Petroleum Council (since 2010)His Excellency Shaikh Sabah Khaled Al-Hamad Al-Sabah Career Highlights 		???Sabah started his career in 1978, joining the ministry of foreign affairs. Until 1995, he worked at the ministry in various capacities, including being a member of Kuwait's permanent mission to the United Nations.  		???In 1995, he became Kuwait's ambassador to Saudi Arabia and served in the post until 1998. During this period he was also Kuwait's envoy to the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC). From 1998 to 2006, he was the chief of the national security.  		???In July 2006, he was given his first ministerial role and appointed minister of social affairs and labor.  		???Awards • Awarded the Order of King Abdulaziz in 1998 and the Order of St Michael and StGeorge on 27 November 201217His Excellency Mohamed Abdullah Al-Mubarak Al-Sabah  Personal Information??Born in 1971???Earned a BA in political science from the British TottenhamUniversity and a master degree from the University of London Current Role??State Minister for Cabinet AffairsHis Excellency Mohamed Abdullah Al-Mubarak Al-Sabah Career Highlights??He served as chairman of the authority for citizen service and government performance assessment in 2002 before being named minister of information in February, 2012. In 2013, he was appointed Minister State for Cabinet Affairs and Minister of Health.18His Excellency Anas Khaled Al-Saleh  Personal Information??Born in 1972???Earned a B.A. in Business Administration from the University ofPortland Current Role??Minister of Finance (since 2014)???Chairman of Foreign Investment Capital Committee, KuwaitInvestment Authority???Governor, Islamic Development BankHis Excellency Anas Khaled Al- Saleh Career Highlights??Minister of Commerce and Industry (2012-2014)???Board Chairman and Managing Director, Al-Deera Holding Company (KSCC) (2006-2012) ??Board Member, Kuwait Chamber of Commerce and Industry (2006-2010)???Director, London Chamber of Commerce & Industry (1991-1995)???Initiatives/Interests:• Allowing 100% foreign ownership for approved investments • Restricting the government budget and aligning with World Bank recommendations • Supporting the government’s SME initiative • Signed accord with Iranian Minister of Economic Affairs and Finance to strengthen ?customs cooperation 19His Excellency Dr. Ali Saleh Al-Omair  Personal Information??Born in 1958???Earned a PhD and M.A., Analytical Chemistry, University of Kent(UK)???Part of Salafi Islamist group, pro-government Current Role??Minister of Oil (since 2014)???Minister of State for National Assembly Affairs (since 2014) ??Chairman of Kuwait Petroleum CorporationHis Excellency Dr. Ali Saleh Al-Omair Career Highlights??Member of Kuwait National Assembly (2006-2014)• Elected in 2006, 2008, 2009 and 2013 • MP in the two annulled parliaments of February and December 2012 ???Director of Laboratories in Kuwaiti Institute for Scientific Research (1996-2006) ??Initiatives/Interests: • Government plan to produce 4 million barrels per day by 2020 • Kuwaiti investment in Yemen mining sector 20His Excellency Shaikh Ali al-Khalifa Al Sabah  Personal Information??Earned a B.A. in mathematics from San Francisco State University ??He is the great grandson of the sixth emir, the late ShaikhMohammed Al Sabah who ruled Kuwait in 1892-96 Current Role??Business man and media mogulHis Excellency Shaikh Ali al- Khalifa Al Sabah Career Highlights??Served as Kuwait's Minister of Finance from 1983 to 1985 and again from 1990 to 1991. He also held the office of Minister of Oil from 1987 to 1990.??From 1980 to 1990, acted as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Kuwait National Petroleum Company.21Mr. Nizar Al-Adsani  Personal Information??Born in 1958???Earned a Bachelor Degree in Mechanical Engineering from SouthDakota State University in 1983???Part of Salafi Islamist group, pro-government Current Role??Deputy Chairman and Managing Director of Kuwait Petroleum Corporation (KPC)Mr. Nizar Al-Adsani Career Highlights 		???KUFPEC Chairman & Managing Director, Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company. 2011 - 2013  		???Chairman, Joint Operating Committee, Al-Khafji Joint Operations, 2009 - 2011  		???Kuwait Gulf Operation Committee (KGOC) Board Member, 2011  		???Deputy Managing Director for Al-Khafji Joint Operations and Member of the Joint Executive ?Committee (JEC). 2007 - 2011  		???Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company’s Board Member 2007.  		???Executive Director Business Administration at the Al-Khafji Joint Operations and Member of ?Joint Operating Committee, 2004 – 2006.  		???Manager, Planning & Investment Coordination Upstream (KPC), 1999 - 2004. 22Mr. Hashem Sayed Hashem  Personal Information??To be providedCurrent Role??CEO, Kuwait Oil Company (since 2013)Mr. Hashem Sayed HashemCareer Highlights??Deputy Managing Director for South & East Kuwait, Kuwait Oil Company• Announced discovery of a new oil and gas field in Kabed area (2013), plan to award a ?$4.3 billion contract to produce heavy oil • Promoted to CEO during a reshuffle following a controversy over a $2.2 billion payment ?made to U.S. Dow Chemical Company over a failed joint-venture ??Initiatives: • Delivery of crude oil and diesel worth $200 million to Egypt as part of a $4 billion aid package to bolster its faltering economy23Mr. Ali D. Al-Shammari  Personal Information??To be provided Current Role??CEO and Board Member, Kuwait Gulf Oil Company (KGOC)Mr. Ali D. Al-Shammari Career Highlights??Managing Director, Kuwait Gulf Oil Company (KGOC)???Deputy Chairman and Deputy Managing Director, Operations East, Kuwait Foreign PetroleumExploration Company???More than 30 years of upstream experience ??KGOC Initiatives• Supporting and participating in various public events for the community including, hospital visits, sponsorship of important events and donations for social initiatives • Complying with the standards that address the safety, well being of our employees and reduce, eliminate accidents • Complying with environmental regulations and minimizing environmental liabilities (e.g. Clean Development Mechanism project in Wafra) 24His Excellency Jassem al-Kharafi  Personal Information??Born in 1940.???Al-Kharafi studied Business Administration at the ManchesterTrade Faculty in Kuwait Current Role??Chairman of M.A. Kharafi & SonsHis Excellency Jassem al- Kharafi Career Highlights??Served as the speaker of the Kuwaiti National Assembly from 1999 to 201125Mr. Fouad Fouad Alghanim  Personal Information??Earned a B.S. in Science and Humanities from the Iowa State University??Personally associated with various philanthropic activities, particularly with a focus on children’s health Current Role 		???Chairman of the Board, Fouad Alghanim & Sons Group of Companies  		???Member, International Board, U.S./Middle East Project, formerly with the Council on Foreign Relations, U.S.A  		???Member, International Conference Board, U.S.A  		???Member, Society for the Care of Arab Children  		???Member, Advisory Board, Medis Technologies Ltd., U.S.A  		???Member, World Economic Forum  		???Member, International Council of the Belfer Center for Science ?and International Affairs, U.S.A Mr. Fouad Fouad Alghanim Career Highlights 		???Company listed #60 on Forbes List of Top 100 Companies Making an Impact in the Arab World  		???First to introduce mobile phones in Kuwait in the 1970s  		???Founder and Vice Chairman, Mobile Telecommunications Company (1983-1997)  		???Founder and Chairman, UMNIA Telecommunication Company in Jordan 26