Dems ready gun amendments to pressure GOPBy BURGESS EVERETT and SEUNG MIN KIM 12/03/15 10:54 AM ESTShare on Facebook Share on TwitterSenate Democrats are mulling plans to offer as many as three gun-related amendments to a budget bill on Thursday, seeking to put Republicans on record on the charged issue in the aftermath of Wednesday’s mass shooting in California.Among the proposals described by aides: Legislation that would make it harder for people on the terrorism watch list to buy guns, a measure that would restrict gun ownership for people convicted of intimidation at abortion clinics and a re-vote on universal background checks that failed in 2013. The votes are not binding but could become major campaign fodder in next year’s Senate races.As he has done in the aftermath of massacres this year, Minority Leader Harry Reid took to the Senate floor on Thursday morning to chide his colleagues to “take a good, hard looking this morning, maybe in the mirror, and ask themselves: ‘Where do I stand?’” Reid oversaw the most serious effort in 2013 for ew gun control legislation, which failed due to opposition from most Republicans and several pro-gun rights Democrats.“We don’t do anything. We as the legislative body of this country do nothing. So I have a question for every member of this body: How can we live with ourselves for failing to do the things that will reduce gun violence?” Reid said. “We’re complicit through our inaction. And if we continue to fail to act, we’ll be complicit today and every day into the future.”Reid’s top messaging strategist, Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), had planned to lead a news conference berating Republicans for using budget reconciliation to put an Obamacare repeal on the president's desk. But Democrats have now changed the topic of the event “to call for amendments to [the] econciliation bill to address gun violence.”Democrats believe the so-called terrorism “loophole” amendment may be the most popular of the proposals and are hoping to put vulnerable Republicans on record in the hopes of either criticizing them for not supporting the legislation or to tout its bipartisan support and call for an eventual binding vote.And Democrats want to see how incumbent GOP Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania will vote when presented with another Senate ballot on a background checks bill that he helped write.