



Interim ReportThe Indonesian National Energy PolicyPrepared Exclusively for TOYOTA 28th June 2015
Executive SummaryMeeting Indonesia’s energy demand and growth demand remains one of the most urgent economic tasks the Indonesian government faces. Energy consumption is growing, with the residential sector and not the manufacturing sector consuming the greatest amount of energy. Indonesia’s ability to meet this continuous growth in demand is dwindling as reflected in the Energy Sustainability Index Rankings, where Indonesia in 2010 ranked 29th and 60th two years later in 2012. Indonesian Energy Law Number 30 of 2007 was an important step in the right direction to address the looming energy crisis. The Law mandates the establishment of a National Energy Council (DEN), with its first task being the development of a National Energy Policy (KEN). While this has now been completed, the targets given in KEN were unrealistic and have not been able to be achieved. The next stage is development of the Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN), which will be a roadmap for Indonesia in its quest to reach the ambitious targets it set in KEN, despite not developing the infrastructure needed to do this.  The Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources, Said Sudirman, has announced that the Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN) would be completed in October 2015,1 but recent political challenges remain the main obstacle to meeting this deadline. The first obstacle is the massive restructurization of the bureaucracy within the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources (MEMR) that took place in May and June 2015, which has cast doubts on the deadline announced. The relocation of more than 370 bureaucrats within the Ministry is the largest ever to have taken place in its history. The restructurization included the addition of the National Energy Council (DEN) as an official part of the MEMR, whereas before it was a semi- autonomous body.  Adding to the uncertainty is the fact that on the 5 May, President Joko Widodo signed Government Regulation Number 23 of 2015 (PP 23/2015) regarding the Joint Management of Aceh’s Natural Resources for Oil and Gas. This took many bureaucrats working in Jakarta in the extractive sector by surprise, as there was no prior consultation or warning, except one meeting back in November 2014. PP 23/2015 includes establishment of the Aceh Oil and Gas Management Agency (BPMA). Yet development of the National Energy Plan has not taken into account PP 23/2015, and as one senior official said last week “this alters the way we have been designing our targets; the regulation is very confusing making it very difficult at the moment for bureaucrats in the oil and gas sector to work.” Finally, talk of a Cabinet reshuffle is rife with strong demands that the economic team in the Joko Widodo Cabinet be replaced as Indonesian economic growth has slid to 4.7% from 5.2% in 2014. There is now talk that if action is not taken, then Indonesia might see a repeat of the 1998 economic crisis. It has been a general rule of thumb that with its 250 million people, Indonesia needs a minimum of 6% to 7% growth in order that the total population of those living under the poverty line2 remains low. President Joko Widodo is now regarded as one of the weakest Indonesian presidents the country has ever had, with minority support in National Parliament and the president himself being more and more estranged from the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDI-P), the political party that had nominated and supported his quest for the presidency. The Cabinet reshuffle was supposed to take place sometime in the fasting month but there are signals that this will happen after the fasting month and before Independence Day celebrations on August 18, with President Jokowi Widodo flip-flopping about the change. Four ministers who are on the board of the National Energy Council (DEN) will be removed and there are no indications as to who will replace them. There are also tensions between the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources and President Joko Widodo on the newly appointed secretary general of the National Energy Council (DEN). Based on the fluid national political landscape Indonesia is experiencing, it is difficult to see that the Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN) can be completed by October 2015. The chances of President Joko Widodo signing off on the RUEN at the moment will not give him any advantage, and may in fact create more political tension than it is worth. Indonesian Energy Law: Basis of DEN, KEN and RUENThe proposed Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN) was formulated based on the Indonesian National Energy Policy (KEN) under Government Regulation Number 79 of 2014 and developed by the National Energy Council (DEN). Both KEN and DEN represent the implementation of Indonesian Energy Law Number 30 of 2007. After the Indonesian Energy Law was approved in 2007 by the National Parliament (DPR), the National Energy Council was established and chaired by the President, with the Vice President serving as deputy chairman, and the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources as the daily chairman, who was tasked with managing the day-to-day activities of the National Energy Council and implementing the National Energy Policy through development of the National Energy Plan.DEN: National Energy CouncilThere are two categories of membership of the National Energy Council. The first represents the government and comprises eight government ministers and their ministries as follows:1. Minister of Energy, Said Sudirman (daily chairman)2. Minister of Finance, Bambang Brodjonegoro, member3. Minister of Industry, Saleh Husin, member4. Minister of Transport, Ignasius Jonan, member 5. Minister of Environment, Siti Nurbaya, member6. Minister of Research and Technology, Muhammad Nasir, member7. Minister of Agriculture, Amran Sulaiman, member8. Minister for National Development, Andrinof Chaniago, member The second comprises non-government members, referred to as Stakeholder Interests, and consists of representatives from consumer and academia, one environmental expert and one technology expert and others, in total there are eight people. The non-governmental stakeholders on the board of the National Energy Council are:1. Dr. Tumiran, representing academia from the University of Gajah Mada; completed his masters and doctoral degree in Japan2. Dr. Ir. Andang Bachtiar, representing the technology industry; he is also chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Indonesian Association of Geologists (IAGI)3. Ir. Achdiat Atmawinata, representing industry; he is also a member of the expert staff of the Ministry of Industry4. Prof. Dr. Ir. Syamsir Abduh, representing the consumer sector; he is a full-time academic at the University of Trisakti 5. Prof. Dr. Rinaldy Dalimi, representing academia 6. Ir. Abadi Poernomo, representing industry; he is also the head of the Indonesian Geothermal Association and prior to his retirement worked at Pertamina, the Indonesian State Energy company 7. Dr. A. Sonny Keraf, representing environmental interests; he is also a member of the national parliament representing the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDI-P) and was a former Minister of Environment 8. Ir. Dwi Hary Soeryadi, representing the consumer sector; he is also the deputy of the Cooperatives Association of Traditional Market Managers.KEN: National Energy PolicyThe first task of the National Energy Council (DEN) was to design and develop the National Energy Policy (KEN), a long and difficult process that took more than six years with the National Energy Council unable to coordinate most of the time among the eight ministries involved in the process. Once the draft National Energy Policy was completed it was submitted to then-President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono for him to send on to the National Parliament for approval. The National Parliament finally agreed to the National Energy Policy in January 2014. Yet despite this, President Yudhoyono only agreed to sign off on the National Energy Policy three days before his term ended in October 2014. This furthered delayed the whole process of development of the National Energy Plan, with many left wondering whether there would be any last minute changes.The National Energy Policy itself set some very high standards that were impossible to reach. The National Energy Policy is a Presidential Regulation, promulgated in accordance with the 2007 Energy Law, and states that despite the National Energy Policy being a Presidential Regulation, it must have the approval of the National Parliament. The National Energy Policy that was ultimately signed is valid for 36 years from 2014 to 2050. The Energy Law states that Indonesia should stop exports of gas and coal and that energy production must be used for domestic consumption. Despite this, the Law did not remove the fuel subsidy that had been in force in Indonesia since the 1970s. The subsidy had made the cost of fuel in Indonesia the cheapest in the region but was also a huge burden on the Indonesian state budget. Two targets of the National Energy Policy that were unreasonable and unable to be reached within one year include the 100% electrification of Indonesia and the 85% gasification of residential housing by 2015. The Law does state that nuclear energy is the last option to be used if the government has no other choice.3 Electrification rates in Indonesia in 2008 stood at 65%, rising to 80% in 2013, which means that it took five years to increase electrification by 15%. Notwithstanding this, the National Energy Plan gives the government just one year to increase it by 20%. Further, the electrification target set under the General Plan For Electricity Supply (Rencana Umum Penyediaan Tenaga Listrik, RUPTL) for 2010–2019 only specifies a target of 91% by 2019.The two targets of electrification and gasification mentioned in the National Energy Policy, signed three days before President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono left office, puts the burden on the Government of President Joko Widodo who was not even involved in any part of the process of developing the National Energy Policy. Further, the National Parliament deliberately set these targets in order to put political pressure on the Government of President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono back in 20144 and knowing there would be a general election in that same year. National Energy Policy targets are as follows: Aceh Oil and Gas Management Agency (BPMA)The National Parliament had agreed back in 2006 that the Government would have a joint management agency to manage the gas and oil resources in Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam (NAD). This was part of the Helsinki peace accord signed in August 2005 between the Free Aceh Movement and the Indonesian government, which stipulates that 70% of the current and future revenues from Aceh's natural resources, including oil and gas, will go to the local government. The process of setting up the agency has not been smooth, with President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono refusing to sign the presidential regulation establishing the joint agency. Aceh even accused the central government of breaking the law and betraying its promise to the Acehnese people to share more of the province's oil and gas revenues, as required by the 2006 Aceh Governance Law. Relations between the Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono government and Aceh had become strained, with his political party being trashed in the 2014 General Elections in Aceh province. During the Indonesian Presidential Election campaign in June 2014, Vice President, Jusuf Kalla, promised5 that if he and Joko Widodo were elected the new government would introduce a Government Regulation allowing Aceh to have the natural resources as promised in the Helsinki peace accord. The Governor of Aceh, Zaini Abdullah, and his political party, Partai Aceh, was the campaign director for Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla in the 2014 presidential election, with Governor Zaini himself being the head of the campaign team for Aceh province.6 Jusuf Kalla is the person back in 2004, when he was Vice President to President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, who started the ball rolling again on the Aceh peace process, after two previous failed negotiation attempts. This included making direct contact with the Free Aceh Movement (GAM), despite the sensitivities involved in talking to an armed group. He spoke to both GAM leadership in exile as well as its field commanders in Aceh, in order to ensure comprehensive buy in' to any agreement reached. Zaini Abdullah at the time was one of the top leaders of GAM living in exile. In November 2014, after taking office for only one month, Jusuf Kalla ensured a meeting took place between the newly appointed Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs, Minister for Agriculture, representatives from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Energy and Mineral Resources, Finance, and the Governor of Aceh, Zaini Abdulla, Deputy Governor of Aceh, Muzakir Manaf, the head of the Aceh parliament and top level Aceh bureaucrats, to hammer out the Government Regulation that was to be in line with the Helsinki peace agreement. This was the only major meeting known.On the 5 May 2015, without any official announcements, President Joko Widodo signed Government Regulation Number 23 of 2015 (PP 23/2015) titled “Joint Management of the Natural Resources of Oil and Gas in Aceh” that establishes a Special Oil and Gas Management Body for Aceh (BPMA). Based on this regulation and in order to start preparation of the Working Areas, the Energy and Mineral Resources Ministry will commence with general surveys of the proposed onshore and offshore Working Areas.    One senior official within Pertamina, Indonesia’s state energy company said that PP 23/2015 would impact the Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN). Throughout the whole process of developing the National Energy Policy (KEN) as well as the Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN) the top bureaucrats in Aceh were not involved. What will be rather tricky is that the Oil and Gas Management Body for Aceh (BPMA) are partners with the Indonesian Upstream Oil and Gas Regulatory Special Task Force (SKKMigas). In order to reach the targets of the National Energy Policy (KEN) and the Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN), the provincial government of Aceh must agree to these targets and the dates of the target to be reached. To date there has been no meeting between the Oil and Gas Management Body for Aceh (BPMA), and yet PP23/2015 makes them an important player in the Indonesian National Energy Plan (RUEN). RUEN: National Energy PolicyOnce the National Energy Policy was ratified, the next task was to develop the Indonesian National Energy Plan. Despite the delays in signing the National Energy Policy, work had begun on the National Energy Plan beforehand. Instructions on how to develop the National Energy Plan must be directed through a Presidential Regulation, and this took place via Presidential Regulation Number 1 of 2014. Ironically, President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono signed off on the Presidential Regulation, which provides guidance to the National Energy Plan, in January 2014, or ten months before signing off on the National Energy Policy itself. The original draft of the Indonesian National Energy Plan did not come from the secretariat of the National Energy Council. Instead, it came from the Data and Information Centre of the Energy and Mineral Resources office in the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources (known as Pusdatin ESDM).7 This section of the ministry prepares the framework, models, and simulations needed for the National Energy Plan. In the process of developing the National Energy Plan, the Data and Information Centre office coordinates with the other six government ministries, the legal office within the ministry itself and seeks input from the Directorate General of Oil and Gas, as well as academics from the University of Indonesia and the Bogor Institute of Agriculture (IPB).  Once the draft of the National Energy Plan is completed, the draft will be submitted to the National Energy Council for editing and fine-tuning. This process however, will need the input of seven other ministries, who are board members of the council, each of whom will have their own targets and political interests. There will also be the input from members of the non-governmental board at the National Energy Council. From here, the draft of the National Energy Plan will go back to the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources and then be submitted to President Joko Widodo to sign off. This is where politics comes to the forefront and plays an important role. Once the National Energy Plan is completed all regional governments, provincial and district levels must complete a Regional Energy Plan (RUED).National Energy Policy stakeholders, as seen in the table above, involve eight different ministries, with the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources coordinating the other seven ministries as well as the eight-member non-governmental board stakeholders. The non-governmental stakeholders are mostly academics and are rather thin on business people and other practitioners who will be impacted directly by the National Energy Policy.The StakeholdersDespite attempts to have all stakeholders represented on the board of the National Energy Council, the stakeholders of the National Energy Policy are numerous and are at the national and regional levels, as stated in the National Energy Policy. These stakeholders embrace different sectors of government, business sectors, and lastly but importantly, members of the public with expertise in energy. The chief coordinator of all stakeholders is the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources who is assisted by the secretary general of the National Energy Council. Domestic stakeholders: 1. Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources 2. Ministry of Finance3. Ministry of Industry4. Ministry of Transport  5. Ministry of Environment6. Ministry of Research and Technology7. Ministry of Agriculture8. Ministry for National Development Planning 9. Coordinating Ministry for Economic Affairs10. Ministry for State Owned Enterprises 11. Commission VII of the Indonesian National Parliament12. SKK Migas, Special Task Force for Upstream Oil and Gas Business 13. BPH Migas, Downstream Regulator for Oil and Gas 14. Pertamina, State-owned energy (oil) company15. PLN, State-owned electricity company 16. BKPM, Investment Coordinating Board 17. BPMA, Petroleum Council or Aceh Oil and Gas Authority Body 18. Office of Energy and Mineral Resources in 33 provinces and 410 districts across Indonesia19. KADIN, Indonesian Chamber of Commerce20. GAIKINDO, Association of Indonesian Automotive Industries  21. GIAMM, Indonesian Automotive Parts and Components Association22. YLKI, Indonesian Consumer Foundation 23. IPA, Indonesian Petroleum Association24. APMI, Indonesian Oil and Gas Drilling Contractors’ Association 25. IMA, Indonesian Mining Association26. IAGI, Indonesian Geologists’ Association27. APBI, Indonesian Coal Mining Association28. PERHAPI, Indonesian Mining Experts’ Association 29. GAPKI, Indonesian Palm Oil Producers’ Association 30. INAGA-API, Indonesian Geothermal Association31. MKI, Indonesian Electrical Society32. Environmental NGOs such as: Walhi, Jatam, 33. MTI, Indonesian Transportation Society 34. Energy and Transportation NGOs, such as: Pelangi Indonesia, INSTRAN, The Committee for Eradication of Leaded Fuel (KPBB) 35. ITDP, Institute for Transportation and Development PolicyInternational StakeholdersTier I Influence:1. Global Fuel Economy Initiative (GFEI)2. International Transport Forum (ITF)3. International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT)4. International Energy Agency (IEA)5. United Nations Environment Program (UNEP)6. European Union (Funding Source)7. Federation Internationale de l’Automobile (FIA) (Funding Source)8. Global Environment Facility (Funding Source)9. German Aid Organization10. ASEAN11. U.S. Department of Energy12. U.S. Department of Transportation13. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)Tier II Influence:1. Institute for Transportation and Development Policy2. APRU World Initiative3. Greenpeace	4. WWF5. Clinton Foundation6. U.S. – ASEAN Business Council7. International Energy Agency (IEA)8. Singapore Government 9. Australian Government 10. APEC (Energy Working Group)11. US Chamber of Commerce12. OPECAll the stakeholders mentioned above have and will play a role in determining the direction of the Indonesian energy sector. Their input and what they stand for should feed into the National Energy Plan (RUEN). The influence these stakeholders hold, however, varies. Domestic Stakeholders:Indonesia does not have a good record of internal coordination, and in the case of the development of the National Energy Plan many stakeholders have complained that improved co-ordination with clearer allocations of responsibilities is needed. As reflected in the National Energy Council (DEN), confusion is being created as a consequence of the co-existence of ministries, each of them having their own councils and task forces, and with many of them also having to coordinate their own policy implementation in the same sector.  Making it more complex is that the restructuring of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources announced in May 2015, has moved the National Energy Council secretariat under the structure of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources. As yet, there has been no official explanation but the bureaucratic and political implications will change the dynamics of the development, implementation and monitoring of the National Energy Plan. Before this restructurization, the National Energy Council was supposed to be a semi-independent body and it was not even a major item in the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources Strategic Plan 2010–2014. This is quite different from the Ministry’s Strategic Plan 2015–2019 in which the targets for the Secretariat General of the National Energy Council (DEN) are stated clearly; among other items, these involve development of an annual Energy Outlook, with the first one due in 2015.   Source: Ministry of Energy and Mineral Sources, May 2015There has also been the question of no single point of responsibility in the development and implementation of the National Energy Plan. The Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources is the daily chairman of the National Energy Council but nowhere does it state that he is in charge of coordinating all the interests of stakeholders and, if anything, the National Energy Policy is not clear on who their stakeholders are. What is clear is that the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources is in charge of co-ordination between his ministry and seven other ministries, but this too has its own major challenges. It is still unclear whether the restructuring of the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources means that in practice, it will give the ministry more dominance over the process, but this is not reflected in the current structure of the National Energy Council where seven other ministries are members, each of whom have equal say.   Within each of the ministries there are different offices that need to coordinate with one another, and whose daily tasks touch on national energy. Within the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources, these include Pertamina, SKK Migas and BPH Migas. Yet, Pertamina does not only report to the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources but also to the Ministry of State-Owned Enterprises. Then there is State-Owned Electricity Company (PLN), which is the main critical user of Pertamina production, and the elephant in the room, because PLN cannot determine how much oil, gas and coal as well as where and when it needs oil from Pertamina, in order that there is sustainable electrification in Indonesia, all of which is causing serious planning problems within Pertamina. This is related to the fact that the National Energy Policy states clearly that oil and gas exports must be phased out, with production only consumed domestically. PLN’s disorganization is a source of anxiety for Pertamina, currently in the stages of planning the phasing out of exports, as there is no real commitment from PLN as to how much oil and gas it needs. At the moment, electricity generation from oil stands at 16.7%, with 49% generated from coal that is bought from coal mining companies in Indonesia. PLN reports to both the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources and the Ministry of State-Owned Enterprises. In both cases the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources supervises both Pertamina and PLN from a technical perspective, while the Ministry of State-Owned Enterprises supervises them from a management perspective. In reality, however, the two ministries often step on each other’s toes when it comes to dealing with Pertamina and PLN. Membership of the National Energy Council is academic-heavy and lacks real industry players, a fact that reflects the government’s timid commitment to having a serious working National Energy Plan. In the previous National Energy Council, the former head of PLN, Eddie Widodo, was a member but in 2011, he was sentenced to five years jail for corruption,8 There is now no representative from the electricity sector, and yet this is one of the important drivers in the Indonesian National Energy Plan, as electricity is the main driver of industry and economic growth. The approach of the government of not involving enough industry players and real public interests will ultimately only create more problems in the medium and long term, as this National Energy plan can be easily politicized by the political parties and the National Parliament. Stakeholders, such as associations or NGOs, will either make statements in the media or go to the National Parliament and demand a public hearing that will in turn may cause more stagnation in the bureaucratic process, as bureaucrats become nervous at the prospect of taking action. Among the stakeholders, there is also the impact of democratization within Indonesia. Many associations appear to have the same vision and mission with each other, but in many cases they have been formed as rivals to the old association that was the only one permitted under the Suharto government. The mushrooming of these associations as well as the NGOs forms part of the democratization process of Indonesia. However this does create problems: the important ministries such as Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resource have been slow to reform and adapt to change and still find it difficult to take seriously associations and NGOs who were borne from the period known as Reformasi.9 The Politics of RUENAided by its expert networks and political backing, the process of finalizing the National Energy Policy and development of the National Energy Plan was carried out by the previous Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono government. This whole issue is new to Joko Widodo, who has never dealt with energy issues. What has become obvious is that the 2007 Energy Law, which was developed just one year after President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono entered office, had the full support of all political parties in the national parliament.10 Nevertheless it is now clear that President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was in no hurry to implement the law, as seen by the fact that he only signed the National Energy Policy, a Presidential Regulation legal product, just three days before his second term as president ended. Without a sign-off for the National Energy Policy, the National Energy Plan (RUEN) could not be implemented. Yet President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono had no intention of implementing the Energy Law that he had developed. In his ten years in office, he publicized the fact that he was “managing the looming Indonesian energy crisis” and that the legal products being developed and discussed would “address the crisis.” This was President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono’s personal entry point on the international stage as a “green president” and agreeing in 2009, to have Indonesia commit to a 26% reduction in its carbon emissions by 2020, a target only the president was optimistic about. None of the Indonesian bureaucrats across all sectors, national and regional was ever consulted on this target and everyone said that the target was unrealistic. In fact there was anger in many quarters on the commitment. President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono wanted so much to be on the international stage and be recognized as an international player. However this particular commitment was based on paper only and he failed to carry out what he had promised. Some would argue that he did make progress, and in terms of having the right legal vehicles, this is true, but that is all. The National Energy Plan (RUEN) is about implementation of all the promises and commitments made by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono since 2007 concerning the energy sector, and which he will not be involved in following his retirement as president. President Joko Widodo has been left with the task of implementation despite never having been part of the development of the policy. He cannot be happy about this. If he wants to be re-elected in 2019 he must show results by at least the beginning of 2019; and given the state of political play where he is in a most vulnerable position and the weakening Indonesian economy, the chances are that his government will not be able to meet the targets he inherited. The National Energy Plan (RUEN), which commenced development in 2012, forms a critical part of the inheritance that President Joko Widodo received. Sudirman Said, the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources, has only been in office since October 2014, said that the plan would be ready in October this year. It hard to believe that Sudirman Said really knows what he is getting into with the National Energy Plan, given firstly, that he has no real experience or background on this topic, and secondly, that he is the person who will be chased publicly if the targets committed are not met as he will be the chief spokesperson for the Joko Widodo Cabinet on this issue. The Joko Widodo government has not been able to establish itself politically and economically, with relations between Joko Widodo and former President Megawati and her political party PDI-P, worsening, causing personal political instability for Joko Widodo, who ran for office as a PDI-P president. Economic growth has been slowing, declining to 4.7% in June 2015 from 5.2% last year, with vulnerable levels of society feeling the impact of this economic contraction. Worse still, the relations between Joko Widodo and Vice President, Jusuf Kalla, are also at a low ebb, with reports claiming that communications between the two have become strained. In order to start gaining control over the bureaucracy to enable the Joko Widodo government to start to implement its own agenda, massive restructurization of the bureaucracy has been the main approach. In May 2015, Minister Sudirman Said carried out the largest restructurization ever to take place in the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources. It started tamely in January 2015 with ten second level (Echelon II) bureaucrats being changed, followed by the top jobs within the ministry in May, and finally, the relocation of more than 360 bureaucrats to different offices within the ministry. Under Sudirman Said’s restructurization program, three candidates for Director General of Coal and Mineral Resources passed the fit and proper test. One was a seasoned bureaucrat from the Ministry of State-Owned Enterprises, Said Didu, while the others were Satry Nugraha and Edi Prasojo.11 However, the President is still required to sign-off on all high-level appointments of bureaucrats. President Joko Widodo refused to sign off on all three bureaucrats and proceeded to give the job to a retired bureaucrat, Bambang Gatot Ariyono, who used to be in this section of the ministry.12 Sudirman Said was reported to have been shocked to the extent that he flew to Papua to seek an explanation from Joko Widodo who was in the middle of an official visit to Papua.13 One interpretation is that all three men nominated are seen to be close to Sudirman Said. Said Didu is a long-time and very close friend of Jusuf Kalla, causing Joko Widodo to be suspicious that perhaps Jusuf Kalla through Said Didu, was attempting to build his own network of loyalists within the ministry. Said Didu apparently has gone back to being Sudirman Said’s Expert Advisor. Meanwhile Edi Prasojo has been given a lowly job in the geology section as head of Geological Volcanic and Disaster Management.  Satry Nugraha however has been given the position of secretary general of the National Energy Council (DEN) and as mentioned before, the secretariat has now been placed officially under the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources. Satry Nugraha does not just report to the Board of the National Energy Council, but also reports directly to Sudirman Said. The National Energy Council’s office (DEN) has been given the same position in importance to the Ministry of Energy and Mineral Resources’ Secretariat General Office and also its office of the Inspectorate General office. (See table entitled New MEMR Structure May 2015). This is a rather meteoric rise for Satry Nugraha, who was previously a Level IV Inspector in the Inspectorate General section. The question that needs to be answered is, if this interpretation is correct, then how effective will Satry Nugraha be as the secretary general of the National Energy Council given that Joko Widodo rejected him as head of the Director General of Coal and Mineral Resources?  Satry Nugraha’s current position is higher than that of the Director of Coal and Mineral Resources. Foreign Stakeholders:The influence foreign stakeholders wield on RUEN can be broadly split into two categories: influence through ASEAN and direct influence. Most foreign stakeholders fall into the first category, organizing meetings, conferences, and initiatives with the desire to standardize energy guidelines across ASEAN. These stakeholders believe that by influencing region-wide standards, they can be most effective. For example, GIZ and Clean Air Asia both contributed directly to an ASEAN forum in November 2013, which Indonesian officials attended. Similarly, the U.S. Department of Energy and U.S. Department of Transportation co-sponsored a U.S.-ASEAN workshop in Jakarta to discuss the U.S.’s minimum fuel efficiency standard. One exception to the foreign stakeholder focus on ASEAN is the U.S. EPA. Since 2009, the EPA has developed a strong collaboration with Indonesia’s Ministry of the Environment and Forestry (MoEF). In June 2014, the two agencies held a bilateral meeting to exchange technical information on clean energy. “Breath Easy, Jakarta,” a partnership between the two agencies to create a clean air action plan with emission reduction strategies, has accounted for much of the partnership’s activity since 2001. Fuel EfficiencyDespite the Government setting targets to mitigate transport emissions as part of its commitment to reduction of carbon emissions, the overall approach taken has been to focus more on alternative fuel usage rather than apply a system of efficiency such as Fuel Efficiency (FE). The current FE standard for Indonesia is Euro 2/II. The Indonesian agents for luxury European car manufacturers asked in February this year, that Indonesia increase its FE to Euro 4/II so that they can import their cars into Indonesia.14 The European car manufacturers, which include Porsche, Mercedes Benz, BMW and Audi, said that the FE standard in Europe is now nearing Euro 7/VII and that the gap with the Indonesian FE standard is widening such that manufacturers have to downgrade the vehicles they produce in Europe in order to be able to export them to Indonesia and meet Indonesia’s low FE standards.15 The European Chamber of Commerce and the Indonesian importers of European vehicles, with assistance from the Association of Indonesian Automotive Industries (GAIKINDO), have been lobbying the Indonesian government to seek an increased in FE standard. Parties lobbied include the Ministry of Transportation, Ministry of Industry and Pertamina. It was reported that Pertamina claimed it would need at least five years to prepare for changes to enable current FE levels to be increased to Euro 4/IV.16 Sources in Pertamina have confirmed this, saying that to start making changes to the Indonesian FE standards at this stage, when there is so much political and economic uncertainty, would be out of the question. The source added, “It would just create so much chaos in coordination; we haven’t even agreed on the National Energy Plan (RUEN). Even if it was declared, there is no way Indonesia can meet this and it would just remain another target on paper.”One political consideration would be that luxury European cars such as Porsche and Mercedes Benz are not part of the image that the Joko Widodo government would like to develop. The President has campaigned consistently that he is pro-poor and that he wants to make life better for those experiencing the lowest standards of living in Indonesia. Challenges for Toyota• The energy target mix outlined in the National Energy Policy (KEN), which aims at reducing Indonesia’s dependency on oil, is currently set at 46% in 2013 to 25% in 2015, and compensated by an increased reliance on renewable energy from 5% in 2013 to 23% in 2025 (see table above), will also demand reform in the automotive sector.  • The Cabinet reshuffle that has been talked about for the last two months has not yet taken place, with rumors claiming that the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources is among those to be replaced. If there is a new Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources, then there is the possibility of the National Energy Council (DEN) being weakened and the National Energy Plan (RUEN) remaining unfinished. • Given the state of the Indonesian economy, members of the Joko Widodo economic team may be replaced. There is already a public discourse taking place which agrees to replace all the members of this economic team. In reality this means three other members of the National Energy Council (DEN) being replaced, besides the Minister of Energy and Mineral Resources; and these are the Minister of Finance, Industry and National Development Planning. Other stakeholders important on this issue who are part of the government’s economic team also rumored to be replaced are Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs and Minister for State Owned Enterprises. • If the Indonesian economy continues to weaken, and interim indicators for June show this might be the trend in 2015, then its impact on the lower middle classes and the poor will start to bite. Factories situated around the location of the Toyota have reportedly commenced worker layoffs. In the past, when economic conditions are bad in Indonesia, a narrow-minded nationalism begins to appear in the public and political discourse. Foreign ownership tends to be targeted. More than 90% of the Indonesian automotive industry is owned by Japanese investors.  • As the targets of the National Energy Policy (KEN) are not being met (as discussed above), the blame game will begin and the issue of energy supply and demand will become a hot political football. Given that the majority (55.6%) of the National Parliament oppose President Joko Widodo and has formed an alliance with Prabowo Subianto, national energy issues can be used as an entry point to destabilize the Joko Widodo presidency. An example of this might be for parliament to file a petition to request the National Parliament exercise its interpellation right to demand an explanation from the government.• Change is currently taking place in the dominance of the Indonesian oil sector, with many of the players in the oil sector backing certain politicians. The National Energy Plan (RUEN) and its production targets form part of the push-pull factors in the change that is taking place.  • There are no leaders in the Indonesian energy issue. Not only is the National Energy Council (DEN) removed from everyday Indonesian life in its approach, information regarding national energy remains in the domain of a very small elite, making it easy for those elites to control the situation.  POTENTIAL FOR FOREIGN INFLUENCEThe foreign stakeholders who wield influence over RUEN are the same stakeholders who wield influence over Indonesia’s fuel economy standards. Of the organizations attempting to shape Indonesia’s fuel economy standards, the Global Fuel Economy Initiative (GFEI) is the most important. The GFEI consists of UC Davis’s Institute of Transportation Studies, the International Transport Forum, the International Council on Clean Transportation, the International Energy Agency, and the United Nations Environment Program. The European Union, Federation Internationale de l’Automobile, and the Global Environment Facility contribute to GFEI’s funds.Over the last two years, however, there have only been two major meetings between advocacy groups pushing for fuel economy standards and government officials from ASEAN nations. The first meeting, held in Singapore in November 2013, covered cleaner fuels and vehicles. Influential organizations that participated included UNEP, GIZ, the German aid organization, Clean Air Asia, and the United States EPA.    In November 2014, prompted by their initial discussion a year earlier, ASEAN officials met to address the specific problem of disparate fuel economy standards across the region. Consisting of Clean Air Asia, GIZ, and the GFEI constituent groups, and guided by the ASEAN Secretariat, the meeting resulted in two agreements. First, the committee members decided to look to formal regional channels, such as the ASEAN Consultative Committee on Standards and Quality, ASEAN Center for Energy, and ASEAN Automotive Products Working Group for guidance. Second, the ASEAN representatives agreed to pursue a common fuel economy labeling policy for passenger cars. Though this is far from the minimum fuel economy standards stakeholders like GFEI desire, it serves as a first step towards fuel efficiency standards.Over the next few years, foreign stakeholders are unlikely to lead Indonesia to take further steps on fuel economy standards. Not only have foreign stakeholders exerted little influence on ASEAN, but they have also decided not to directly target Indonesia. 1 http://ebtke.esdm.go.id, 13 March 2015. “RUEN Will Be Completed in October 2015.”2 Indonesia uses guidelines that define the poverty line as those living under one US dollar per day.3 http://www.den.go.id, 26 June 2014. “National Energy Policy (KEN): A Road Map to Energy, Security and Self Sufficiency.”4 Official statement of the Prosperous Justice (PKS) party on 2 July 2014, accessed 25 June 2015,   http://fraksidpr.pks.id/content/aleg/fraksi/kenaikan-ttl-harus-tingkatkan-layanan-dan-elektrifikasi. 5 http://waspadamedan.com, 27 June 2014. “JK Promises to Resolve the Problems of the UUPA.” 6 http://jusufkalla.info, 27 June 2014. “Zaini Abdullah: Partai Aceh Has Never Supported Prabowo.” 7 Policy Paper, State Ministry of National Development, December 2012. “Harmonization of National Energy Policy (KEN) with the National General Energy Plan (RUEN) and the Regional General Energy Plan.”  8 http://nasional.tempo.co, 21 December 2011. “Eddie Widiono Sentenced to Five Years Jail.” 9 The Reformasi period is the period following the downfall of President Suharto in 1998.10 http://esdm.go.id, 18 July 2007. “All Factions Within the National Parliament Agree on the National Energy Law.”11 http://www.beritasatu.com, 6 May 2015. “Said Didu Will Not Attend Swearing-I n of Echelon 1 Tomorrow.”  12 Organizational structure for structural officers in Echelon I and II, Ministry of Energy and Mineral resources, May 2015.13 http://ekbis.sindonews.com, 11 May 2015. “The Legality of the Swearing of Echelon I Questioned.” 14 http://otomotif.antaranews.com, 12 February 2015. “European Car Manufacturers Would Like Indonesia to Increase Its Emission Standards.” 15 http://news.okezone.com, 13 February 2015. “The Reason Why European Car Manufacturers Are Lobbying the Indonesian Government.” 16 Bisnis Indonesia, 8 January 2015. “Euro 4 Has Fuel As Its Main Obstacle.”--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------20